hi this is Robinson the acoustic manager
over here at sound here and I've got a
rare opportunity today I have -
Macpherson's Bo's Camry else both with
red blue tops both with 4.5 depths and
the only difference between them is the
back inside woods
this is cocobolo on the back and sides
and that is that our quota they're both
Latin American hardwoods that are very
dense that many people believe have a
lot in common
sonically with Brazilian rosewood and
they're a little bit different it's very
subjective which one you prefer so take
a listen and see which one it is
thanks for watching
again I'm Robinson from SAP here if you
want to talk about this guitar some mics
some studio time give us a call we'd
love to hear from you